# Meeting Notes

**Date:** 2nd December, 2023  
**Location:** Online

## Attendees

- Kashish
- Smruthi
- Jay
- Justin
- Enze
- Ever

## Things Discussed

- Current UI is too simple, should make the UI better (add it as an issue)
- Reduce the current scope, mainly focus on the the view/upate account issue, the password issue and better UI now
- Discuss the test coverage, aiming at a coverage of 50% (or 60% if possible), who adds a new feature should also makes a unit test (maybe TDD)
- Discuss the local-first issue, test if we can follow others and see posts from others
- Other things like the meaning of add link, clean the repo and so on
- Set tasks and goals for until Monday, agree on having a meeting every two days

## Task Distribution

- Better UI: Jay, Aditya
- Finish account feature: Ever, Enze
- Add more tests: Justin
- Password issue: Kashish, Smruthi
- Other tasks: clean the repo, edit readme.md and changelog.md, use const file

## Deadline

Dec 4, 2023
