# Meeting Notes

**Date:** 11th December, 2023  
**Location:** Online

## Attendees

- Aditya
- Jay
- Justin
- Smruthi
- Kashish
- Ever
- Enze

## Agenda

- Discuss all updates since last meeting
- Give demos of all work done
- Discuss any issues
- Go through the evaluation rubric
- Divide work from the evaluation rubric document
- Wrap up by tomorrow

## Notes

- **Aditya and Jay Discuss UI Work:**

  - Messages not showing in the latest commit; Aditya diagnosing the issue.
  - Messages composer looks off; issue with the composer.
  - Discussion on why the issue is being created.
  - Justin compared Aditya's code to the working one on his side.
  - Aditya, Jay, and Justin plan to discuss the problem after this meeting.

- **Smruthi and Kashish Discuss Create Login Interface:**

  - Redesigned authentication workflow and architecture.
  - Added create and login UI.
  - Removed the external dependency of 'express-basic-auth.'
  - Added logout functionality.

- **Ever and Enze Discuss Their Changes:**

  - They will send all their changes in the Slack channel.

- **Justin Discusses Testing:**

  - Current test coverage is 40%.
  - Goal is to reach 60%.
  - Currently, there are 82 tests.

- **Work Distribution and Tasks:**

  - Add the login-create user board to Miro - Task for Kashish.
  - Discuss work distribution for code refactoring.
  - Kashish, Aditya, Smruthi, and Enze work on documentation.
  - Justin and Enze work on Testing.
  - Jay works on code/repo cleaning.
  - Code freeze is tonight; everyone gets their changes merged by EOD.

- **Meeting on 12/13/2023 Agenda:**

  - Go through the code and working to ensure everyone is on the same page.
  - Any end moment requirements we might have missed.

**Author:** Kasish Jain
